this morning at last some hope in
Gaza quadruplets born on the eve of a
supposed
ceasefire Muhammad Yassin Yahya and
nahla combined weight 7
kilos their exhausted mother rham tells
me she went through five years of failed
IVF treatment and that at last in these
difficult times she has some happy news
we hope we hope that
israelian they respect the seire and
Palestinian because we we we we have to
take AR rest for for this massacre and
this disaster in Gaza
Strip but what kind of life awaits these
children one day old born into a world
upturned this is what's left left of
banoon right on the boundary with
Israel it's been pounded for more than 3
weeks by mid morning as word of the
ceasefire spread it had sprung back to
life the UN says more than a quarter of
gaza's population has been displaced
food water and power are in short
supply people are using this brief Lull
in the fight in to return to their homes
and many are finding them completely
flattened they're just picking up
whatever they can and heading to seek
shelter and all the while there is the
stench of dead bodies still trapped
underneath the
rubble but the ceasefire was over almost
as soon as it
started more Israeli air strikes and
Palestinian rockets and then from Rafa
in the south of Gaza
the news that could see this war
escalate still further an Israeli
soldier suspected to have been captured
by Hamas Fighters after they crossed the
border through a tunnel Hamas will see
this as a huge result it took more than
5 years for Israel to free the last
Soldier captured in Gaza gillad
Shalit Israel will undoubtedly respond
with massive
Force Gaza awaits with trepidation